[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: Before the break we talked
about chaining promises together.
But there's something fundamentally
limiting about this approach.
The fundamental limitation of this
approach is that you have to know all of
the promises in advance.
You have to know how many steps
are in your flow control.
Sometimes, and maybe even most of
the time, that is going to be the case.
You're going to know, there's a discrete
set of steps that you can lay out.
And you can chain your
promises together to
approximate whatever flow
control is necessary.
But there will be cases
where that won't be true.
There will be cases where it's
impossible to predict author time,
whether there might be three steps or
five steps or a thousand steps.
And you probably don't wanna repeat
this pattern thousand times over.
That's a lot of copy and pasting,
a lot of mistakes can be made,
a lot of updates if you
have to tweak something.
So, exercise four is going to ask us to
change the way our brains are thinking
about it, at least a little bit.
To try to understand how we might use
the functional nature of promises.
The way that they work together,
the way that they compose.
How might we use that in such
a fashion that we can get our.
>> Kyle: Get our flow control
to be an arbitrary length,
is what I'm trying to say.
How can we get it to an arbitrary
length so that there could be one step,
three steps, or 100 steps?
So, we're gonna go and
open up exercise four.
>> Kyle: I've already
given you the get file,
cuz we've already implemented that part.
But what I want you to do now is I want
you to think, what tools might I be
able to use to create
a list that could be arbitrarily long,
and still have all these actions occur?
I'm trying very hard to give you hints
without giving you the full solution.
So if you recall, we talked about
utility in a different workshop.
We talked about utilities like map,
which can take a list of values and
transform it.
And we talked about
a utility called reduce,
which can take a list of values and
compose them together.
So if I had a list of URLs.
>> Kyle: What could I transform
that list of URLs into?
Maybe I could transform that list
of URLs into a list of promises.
And if I had a list of promises, how might
I compose all those promises together?
I could maybe do a reduction
on the list of promises and
create an arbitrarily long promise chain.
That's your exercise four.
Have fun.